from-rust/
└── rust-to-wasm
|    ├── from_rust_bg.wasm
|    ├── from_rust.js
|    ├── from_rust.d.ts
|    └── package.json
from_rust.d
└── src
|    ├── lib.rs
|    └── utils.rs
└── tests
|    ├── 
|    └── 
├── Cargo.toml
└── README.md

- from-rust/rust-to-wasm/from_rust_bg.wasm
    - The .wasm file is the WebAssembly binary that is generated by the Rust compiler from our Rust sources.
    - It contains the compiled-to-wasm versions of all of our Rust functions and data.
    - For example, it has an exported "greet" function.
- from-rust/rust-to-wasm/from_rust.js
    - The .js file is generated by wasm-bindgen and contains JavaScript glue.
    - It imports the wasm file
    - It creates a Javascript API to execute, in Javascript, the WebAssembly functions.
    - For example, there is a JavaScript greet function that wraps the greet function exported from the WebAssembly module.
- from-rust/rust-to-wasm/from_rust.d.ts
    - The .d.ts file contains TypeScript type declarations for the JavaScript glue.
    - If you are using TypeScript, you can have your calls into WebAssembly functions type checked, and your IDE can provide autocompletions and suggestions! 
    - If you aren't using TypeScript, you can safely ignore this file.
- from-rust/rust-to-wasm/package.json
    - The package.json file contains metadata about the generated JavaScript and WebAssembly package.
    - This is used by npm and JavaScript bundlers to determine dependencies across packages, package names, versions, and a bunch of other stuff.
    - It helps us integrate with JavaScript tooling and allows us to publish our package to npm.
- src/lib.rs
    - The src/lib.rs file is the Rust crate that we are compiling to WebAssembly.
    - It uses wasm-bindgen to interface with JavaScript.
    - It imports the window.alert JavaScript function, and exports the greet Rust function, which alerts a greeting message.
- Cargo.toml
    - The Cargo.toml file specifies dependencies and metadata for cargo, Rust's package manager and build tool. 
    - Cargo.toml; this is the file that we use to configure our build.

The .wasm file is the WebAssembly binary that is generated by the Rust compiler from our Rust sources. It contains the compiled-to-wasm versions of all of our Rust functions and data. For example, it has an exported "greet" function.

Compilation:
- Dependências:
    - rust
    - wasm-pack
- Build:
    - `wasm-pack build src/main/wasm/from-rust --out-dir rust-to-wasm --target web --mode no-install`

